## AFFILIATE PROGRAM AGREEMENT

*Last Modified: March 18th, 2015*

IMPORTANT – THIS IS A BINDING LEGAL AGREEMENT.  PLEASE READ CAREFULLY
BEFORE CLICKING THE “I ACCEPT” BUTTON.   IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS
AGREEMENT, YOU MAY NOT SUBMIT AN APPLICATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE
AFFILIATE PROGRAM.  

This Affiliate Program Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into
between Fancy Chap, Inc., a Delaware corporate doing business under
the trade name "Flywheel" ("Flywheel") and the individual or entity
designated as the “Affiliate” on the [Affiliate Program Application
Form] ("Application") completed in connection with this Agreement
(“Affiliate”).  This Agreement is effective only upon Flywheel's
written acceptance of Affiliate's Application (such date of
acceptance is referred to as the “Effective Date”).  

WHEREAS, Flywheel is in the business of hosting websites, as
described in more detail at [http://getflywheel.com/tour](http://getflywheel.com/tour/) (the "Flywheel Services");

WHEREAS, Flywheel desires to market the Flywheel Services to third
party customers ("Customers“) and has established an affiliated
network of independent contractors for the referral of Customers to
Flywheel (the "Flywheel Affiliate Program");  and

WHEREAS, Affiliate desires to participate in the Flywheel Affiliate
Program, in accordance with the terms and conditions of this
Agreement.

In consideration of the mutual agreements and covenants herein
contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

### 1. REFERRAL SERVICES

As of the Effective Date (only upon written approval of Affiliate's
Application), Affiliate is authorized to market and promote the
Flywheel Services to potential Customers (the "Referral Services"),
in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.  
Affiliate agrees to perform the Referral Services in accordance with
the following and subject to such other written rules and guidelines
as Flywheel may establish for the Affiliate Program and publish on
the Flywheel website from time to time:

(a)	Affiliate shall place a hyperlink on its website, in a format
approved by Flywheel, that when clicked on redirects the visitor to
the Flywheel Website (a "Link").

(b)	Any materials used in connection with the Referral Services
will be developed and produced solely and exclusively by Flywheel and
no marketing, advertising or promotional materials other than those
provided by Flywheel may be used by Affiliate to perform Referral
Services under this Agreement without the prior written consent of
Flywheel. 

(c)	Affiliate shall not make any promises or representations or
give any warranties, guarantees or indemnitees in respect of the
Flywheel Services, except as such are contained in a Customer
Agreement or as otherwise expressly authorized by Flywheel in
writing.  

(d)	Affiliate shall perform the Referral Services in a manner
that will reflect favorably on the Flywheel Services and on the good
name and reputation of Flywheel, and shall not alone or with others
participate in any illegal, deceptive, misleading, or unethical
practices, including but not limited to disparagement of the Flywheel
Services or Flywheel.

### 2. REFERRAL FEE

In consideration of Affiliate’s performance of Referral Services
hereunder, Flywheel agrees to pay Affiliate a referral fee ("Referral
Fee") in accordance with Flywheel's current affiliate pricing
schedule available at [http://getflywheel.com/affiliates](http://getflywheel.com/affiliates/) with respect to
each Customer that is referred to Flywheel by Affiliate (a "Referred
Customer").  For purposes of this Agreement, a Customer will be
considered a Referred Customer only if:

(1) the Customer is redirected to the Flywheel website through the
Affiliate's Link and such Customer creates a customer account with
Flywheel and accepts the then-current Flywheel Terms of Service or
such other customer agreement as may be agreed-upon by Flywheel
related to the Flywheel Services (a "Customer Agreement"), or

(2) the Affiliate creates an account and utilizes the Flywheel
Services on behalf of a Customer of the Affiliate and such Customer
enters into a Customer Agreement with Flywheel. 

Affiliate agrees and acknowledges that Flywheel's obligation to pay
Affiliate is contingent upon Flywheel receiving payment from the
Referred Customer in accordance with the Customer Agreement.  The
Referral Fee shall be Affiliate’s sole compensation under this
Agreement and Affiliate shall have no right to receive any additional
commission, license fee, expense reimbursement or other payment in
connection with this Agreement.  Affiliate’s right to receive
Referral Fees is subject to and limited by the termination rights
under Section 4.  

### 3. INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR

The relationship between the parties hereunder is that of independent
contractors.  Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to create
an agency, employment, joint venture, or partnership relationship. 
Neither party shall have the right to incur any liabilities or
obligations on behalf of the other party. 

### 4. TERM & TERMINATION

The term of this Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date
and shall continue perpetually until and unless terminated pursuant
to this Section.  Flywheel may in its discretion terminate the
Flywheel Affiliate Program or this Agreement at any time by providing
written or electronic notice to Affiliate.  Affiliate may terminate
this Agreement  at any time by providing written notice to Flywheel
and returning all Flywheel products or materials in Affiliate's
possession (if any).   Upon the effective date of such termination,
Affiliate’s performance of Referral Services shall immediately cease
and Flywheel shall have no further obligations to Affiliate under
this Agreement.   Sections 5(a), 6 and 7 shall survive termination of
this Agreement.

### 5. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS

(a)	The parties agree that Flywheel is the sole and exclusive
owner of any and all right, title, and interest in, to, or under (a)
the Flywheel Services and the Affiliate Program and all intellectual
property rights associated therewith and (b) any trademark, trade
name, trade dress, design, logo, name or other designation used for
or in connection with the Flywheel Services or the Affiliation
Program, and any and all variations or modifications to the foregoing
that may be approved by Flywheel in its sole discretion
(“Trademarks”).  

(b)	Flywheel grants Affiliate a nonexclusive, non-transferable,
limited right and license during the term of this Agreement to use
the Trademarks solely as necessary to perform Referral Services
hereunder.  Affiliate shall not assert any claim of ownership of, or
any claim to, any goodwill or reputation associated with the
Trademarks and shall not take and shall not permit any action or
omission in derogation of any of the rights of Flywheel in the
Trademarks, either during the term of this Agreement or thereafter. 

(c)   	In the event Affiliate submits to Flywheel any ideas,
materials, or other information (including, without limitation,
suggestions for new or improved products or services or changes to
the Affiliate Program) ("Ideas"), such Ideas shall thereafter be the
sole and exclusive property of Flywheel and Affiliate hereby assigns
to Flywheel all of Affiliates rights in and to such Ideas.  Affiliate
hereby waives its moral rights in any such Ideas. 

### 6. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

In no event shall Flywheel be liable to Affiliate or its officers,
directors, managers, shareholders, or members for any special,
indirect, incidental, or consequential damages, including but not
limited to lost or anticipated revenues or profits, arising from any
claim relating to this Agreement or the Flywheel Services, whether
such claim is based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence
or strict liability) or otherwise, even if an authorized
representative of Flywheel is advised of the possibility or
likelihood of same.

### 7. INDEMNIFICATION

Affiliate agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Flywheel, its
affiliates, and its and their directors, officers, employees, agents
and assignees (the "Indemnitee") and shall pay all losses, damages,
fees, expenses or costs (including reasonable attorneys' fees)
incurred by the Indemnitee based upon any claim, demand, suit or
proceeding arising out of or resulting from: (i) Affiliate's
participation in the Affiliate Program, (ii) any breach of this
Agreement by Affiliate; (iii) any negligent or intentional acts of
Affiliate; or (iv) any violation of laws, regulations or court orders
by the Affiliate.  Indemnitee shall have the right to approve
Affiliate's counsel to defend any such claims, which approval shall
not be unreasonably withheld, and to approve any settlement
agreement.  Indemnitee also shall have the right, at its own expense,
to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise
subject to indemnification by Affiliate hereunder.

### 8. NOTICE

Any notice provided pursuant to this Agreement, if specified to be in
writing, shall be in writing and shall be deemed given (i) if by hand
delivery, upon receipt thereof; (ii) if by e-mail, upon confirmation
thereof; or (iii) if by next day delivery service, upon such
delivery.  All notices to Flywheel shall be addressed as follows:

> Fancy Chap, Inc.
> Attention: Dusty Davidson
> 1405 Harney St #201
> Omaha, NE 68102

All notices to Affiliate shall be addressed to the address provided
by Affiliate in its Application, which address shall be updated in
writing, as needed, by Affiliate.

### 9. MODIFICATION

This Agreement may not be modified except by amendment reduced to
writing and signed by both Flywheel and Affiliate. No waiver of this
Agreement shall be construed as a continuing waiver or consent to any
subsequent breach thereof.

### 10. ENTIRE AGREEMENT

This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding
between the parties relating to the subject matter herein and
supersedes all prior discussions between the parties. 

### 11. GOVERNING LAW; CONSENT TO PERSONAL JURISDICTION

This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Nebraska
without regard for conflicts of laws principles, and any action
brought in connection with this Agreement shall be brought solely and
exclusively in state or federal courts located in Douglas County,
Nebraska.  The parties irrevocably consent to the sole and exclusive
jurisdiction of such courts and waive any objections to venue or
jurisdiction.

### 12. SEVERABILITY

If one or more of the provisions in this Agreement are deemed void by
law, then the remaining provisions will continue in full force and
effect.

### 13. HEADINGS

Section headings are not to be considered a part of this Agreement
and are not intended to be a full and accurate description of the
contents hereof.

### 14. ELECTRONIC CONTRACTING. 

Flywheel and Affiliate desire to facilitate certain transactions
pursuant to this Agreement by exchanging documents, records and
signatures electronically or by utilizing electronic agents.  The use
of electronic facilities or agents shall be in accordance with
procedures established by Flywheel and governed by the applicable
provisions of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act as adopted in
the State of Nebraska.



