# NOTICE OF INFRINGEMENT UNDER THE DMCA

*Last Modified: August 6th, 2014*

It is our policy to respond to clear, legally valid notices of
alleged copyright infringement that comply with the criteria
established by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") of 1998.
In addition, we terminate without notice the accounts of users that
we determine are repeat infringers.

To expedite our handling of your notice, please use the following
format or refer to Section 512(c)(3) of the DMCA.

1. Identify in sufficient detail the copyrighted work you believe has
been infringed.

2. Identify the material that you allege is infringing upon the
copyrighted work listed in Item #1 above. This includes
identification of the Web page or specific posts, as opposed to
entire sites. Posts must be referenced by the dates in which they
appear. Include the URL to the material infringing your copyright
(URL of a Website or URL to a post, with title, date and name of the
emitter), or link to initial post with sufficient data to find it. If
you believe the copyrighted work was infringed via a transitory
digital network communication, please provide the time and date of
such transmission along with sufficient information to allow
identification of the sender or recipient.

3. Provide contact information, including your e-mail address, name,
telephone number and physical address.

4. Include the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that
use of the copyrighted materials described above is not authorized by
the copyright owner, its agent, or the law."

5. Also include the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of
perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and
that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of
the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

6. Include your physical or electronic signature.

7. Send the written notification via regular postal mail to the
following:

> Fancy Chap, Inc.
> Attn: Copyright Agent
> 1111 N. 13th Street, #208
> Omaha, NE 68102

or e-mail notification to dmca@getflywheel.com



# COUNTER-NOTIFICATION POLICY UNDER THE DMCA

If you receive a Notice of Infringement ("Notice") under the DMCA
from us and feel that it is in error, then you may file a
Counter-Notification. To be effective, a Counter-Notification must be
a written communication by you (the "Alleged Infringer") provided to
Fancy Chap's Designated Agent that includes substantially the
following:

1. A physical or electronic signature of the Alleged Infringer;

2. Identification of the material that has been removed or to which
access has been disabled and the location at which the material
appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;

3. A statement under penalty of perjury that the Alleged Infringer
has a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as
a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material removed or
disabled; and

4. The Alleged Infringer’s name, address and telephone number, along
with a statement that the Alleged Infringer consents to the
jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the judicial district
of Nebraska, or if the Alleged Infringer’s address is outside of the
United States, for any judicial district in which Fancy Chap may be
found, and that the Alleged Infringer will accept service of process
from the person who provided notification or an agent of such person.

5. Upon receipt of a Counter-Notification containing the information
as outlined in 1 through 4 above:

5.1 Fancy Chap shall promptly provide the Complaining Party with a
copy of the Counter-Notification;

5.2 Fancy Chap shall replace the removed material or cease disabling
access to the material within ten (10) to fourteen (14) business days
following receipt of the Counter-Notification; provided Fancy Chap
Designated Agent has not received notice from the Complaining Party
that an action has been filed seeking a court order to restrain
Alleged Infringer from engaging in infringing activity relating to
the material on Fancy Chap's system.

Finally, Notices and Counter-Notices with respect to this Website
must meet then-current statutory requirements imposed by the DMCA;
see http://www.copyright.gov for details.

