# SERVICE LEVEL AGREEMENT

*Last Modified: August 6th, 2014*

## 1. Service Levels

### Hours of Operation; Response Time

Client support calls can be logged to Host's appropriate call center
on business days during the call center's normal hours. Host will use
reasonable efforts to respond to a service call promptly after the
call is logged by a Host call center representative. Host shall
respond to support calls and remedy any and all problems within the
time frames set forth in Section 2 below.

### Maintenance

Host shall provide scheduled maintenance ("Scheduled Maintenance")
for the purpose of general maintenance and upkeep of the system,
including, without limitation, general adjustments to the system, the
installation of bug fixes and patches, and the implementation of
updates, upgrades, revisions and new versions Host, Client and other
third party software and hardware. Host shall also provide remedial
maintenance (“Remedial Maintenance”), including responding to
problems encountered by Client and End Users which problems are
reported to Host by Client designated personnel or agents. Host shall
give Client no less than 72 hours' notice of any Scheduled
Maintenance and shall provide Client notice sufficiently in advance
whenever maintenance might reasonably be anticipated to have a
material impact on the Hosting Services provided or availability of
the Hosting Services. Host reserves the right to conduct maintenance
as necessary. Scheduled Maintenance shall be limited to no more than
8 hours per calendar month, unless Client requests additional
Scheduled Maintenance or the parties otherwise agree additional
Scheduled Maintenance is appropriate, and Scheduled Maintenance and
Remedial Maintenance shall each be conducted whenever practicable
between the hours of non-peak usage of 11 pm and 5 am Central Time.

### System Availability.

(i)	"System Availability" means the ratio of minutes that the
Hosting Services are available (excluding Scheduled Maintenance) in
any calendar month period to the total number of minutes in that one
(1) month period. Problems or outages caused by systems or providers
outside of Host's control – such as, but not limited to, Internet
Service Providers (ISPs), the Internet network backbone, frame relay
telecommunications network, domain name service providers, or the
Client data center – shall not be included in the calculation of
System Availability.

(ii) If Host fails to meet the System Availability standards set
forth in Section (iii) below during any given calendar month
period, then Host will, upon notification by Client and verification
by Host, apply the percentage credits set forth in Section (iii)
below, based on the Hosting Service Fees accrued and paid by Client
during the calendar month period in which the credit arose. Host
shall apply such credits against Client's invoice for the month
following the period in which the credit arose.

(iii) System Availability Standards during calendar month period.

1. System Availability ≥ 99.95%: no Client credit.
2. System Availability ≥ 99.5% and < 99.95%: Client credit of 10% of
the Hosting Services Fees accrued and paid by Client during the one
(1) calendar month period in which the credit arose applied to the
next month's invoice as provided above.
3. System Availability ≥ 98% and < 99.5%: Client credit of 50% of the
Hosting Services Fees accrued and paid by Client during the one (1)
calendar month period in which the credit arose applied to the next
month's invoice as provided above.
4. System Availability < 97.99%: Client credit of 100% of the Hosting
Services Fees accrued and paid by Client during the one (1) calendar
month period in which the credit arose applied to the next month's
invoice as provided above.

## 2. Corrective Procedures

### Critical

End User access and use or production use of the System is not
possible and no method of manually working around the error exists.
Client requires resolution urgently due to financial, legal or public
risk exposure or potential for End User significant dissatisfaction.

*Target Action*

Initial response within 30 business minutes of Host becoming aware of
the problem.

Appropriate resource(s) assigned immediately thereafter and remaining
assigned until resolution.

### Severe

End User access and use and production use of the Host System is
possible, but a business function is unavailable, disabled,
malfunctioning or otherwise causing problems with other business
functions, and no practical method of manually working around the
error exists.

*Target Action*

Initial response within 2 business hours of Host becoming aware of
the problem.

Appropriate resource(s) assigned immediately thereafter and remaining
assigned until resolution.

### Medium

End User access and use and production use of the Host System is
possible, but an error or other malfunction is adversely affecting
access and use of the Host System by End Users and the method of
manually working around the error or malfunction is unacceptable for
more than a short period due to the frequency of the affected
function's usage or the criticality of the function.

*Target Action*

Initial response within 6 business hours of Host becoming aware of
the problem. Appropriate resource(s) assigned.

Target Resolution: 80% of the Category 3 Errors within 5 business
days, the remainder resolved within 10 business days.

### Low

End User access and use and production use of the Host System is not
impacted severely for one of the following reasons:

a. a commercially reasonable method of working around the error
exists;

b. the error is resolved upon being reported;

c. the extent of the error is limited in that it affects only a
limited number of End User Clients and there is a manual work around
available and there is no material financial, legal or public risk
exposure.

*Target Action*

Initial response within 10 business hours of Host becoming aware of
the problem. Appropriate resource(s) assigned thereafter.

Target Resolution: 80% of the Category 4 errors or malfunctions
within 5 business days, the remainder resolved within 10 business
days.
