# Terms of Service

This Website Hosting Agreement (“Agreement”) is effective as of the
11th day of February, 2013 (“Effective Date”), by and between [insert
customer name], a [insert entity type] (“Client”) and Fancy Chap, LLC
d/b/a Flywheel, a Nebraska limited liability company (“Host”). Client
and Host are sometimes referred to herein collectively as the
“parties” or individually as a “party.”

By registering for an account with your email address you are
agreeing to the Terms of Service and all other clauses listed here
forth. If you do not wish to accept these terms you can simply
deactivate your account and not continue using it.

## RECITALS

WHEREAS, Host owns and operates hardware and software for hosting
websites, and has substantial knowledge, experience and expertise in
management and maintenance of websites; and

WHEREAS, Client desires to engage Host, and Host desires to be
engaged by Client to provide such services subject to the terms and
conditions set forth below.

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the mutual covenants and
agreements contained herein, Client and Host agree as follows:

# Terms and Conditions

## 1. Services.

### 1.1 Hosting Services

Host agrees to provide Client with services for website hosting (the
“Website”) as set forth or described in Schedule A hereto (the
“Hosting Services”). Host shall provide the Hosting Services so that
the Website is accessible to third parties. Except as expressly
provided herein, Client agrees that Host is responsible only for
providing the Hosting Services, and Host is not responsible for
providing any services or performing any tasks not specifically set
forth in Schedule A. At the time of execution of this Agreement, to
the extent that Client wishes to receive from Host, and Host wishes
to provide to Client, services other than the Hosting Services
(collectively, the “Additional Services”), such Additional Services
and the arrangements for their provision shall be set forth in a
separate addendum to this Agreement which is duly executed by the
Parties (the “Services Addendum”), and the Services Addendum shall be
incorporated into, and become a part of this Agreement. The Hosting
Services and the Additional Services will hereinafter be referred to
collectively as the “Services”.

### 1.2 Content

Client shall post all materials comprising the Website, including,
but not limited to, any images, photographs, illustrations, graphics,
audio clips, video clips or text (the “Client Content”), which shall
be in a correct format (as specified by Host in consultation with
Client). Client acknowledges that Website construction and management
is Client's responsibility. Host shall not be responsible for Website
management or files lost or damaged by Client. Host recommends that
Client maintain backups of content outside of space associated with
the Hosting Services. Host maintains system backups that are intended
only to recover from system failure. The system backups are not
intended for restoration of files to individual sites.

### 1.3 Availability of Website

Unless otherwise indicated on Schedule A hereto, the Website shall be
accessible to third parties via the Internet twenty-four (24) hours a
day, seven (7) days a week, except for scheduled maintenance and
required repairs, and except for any loss or interruption of Hosting
Services due to causes beyond the control of Host or which are not
reasonably foreseeable by Host, including, but not limited to,
interruption or failure of telecommunication or digital transmission
links and Internet slow-downs or failures. In the event of any loss
or interruption of Hosting Services, Client's sole and exclusive
remedy and Host's sole and exclusive liability for any loss or
interruption of Hosting Services shall be as follows: for loss or
interruption of Hosting Services which is due to (i) causes other
than scheduled maintenance and required repairs; (ii) causes beyond
the control of Host; or (iii) causes which are not reasonably
foreseeable by Host, including, but not limited to, interruption or
failure of telecommunication or digital transmission links and
Internet slow-downs or failures, which loss or interruption of
Hosting Services exceeds a continual period of twenty-four (24)
hours, Client shall receive a credit against future Hosting Services
equal to a pro rata portion of Hosting Services fees for the period
of downtime.

### 1.4 Additional Storage and Transfer

Client agrees that it will not exceed the bandwidth or storage space
limits applicable to the purchased Hosting Services. In the event
that the Website exceeds the limits included in the Hosting Services,
or should Client request or require increased limits, Host will
automatically bill Client for any such upgrade in the level of
Hosting Services, or the additional incremental storage required by
Client's use to be included in the Hosting Services, on a time and
materials basis and in accordance with the fee schedule set forth in
the plan that includes the appropriate storage amounts.

### 1.5 Updates

Updates to the Website shall be the sole responsibility of the 
Client. Host shall provide the necessary SFTP access to allow Client 
to make the updates.

## 2. License and Proprietary Rights.

### 2.1 Proprietary Rights of Client

As between Client and Host, Client Content shall remain the sole and
exclusive property of Client, including, without limitation, all
copyrights, trademarks, patents, trade secrets, and any other
proprietary rights. Except as provided in this Section 2.1, nothing
in this Agreement shall be construed to grant Host any ownership
right in, or license to, the Client Content provided by Client to
Host.

### 2.2 Proprietary Rights of Host

All materials, including but not limited to any computer software (in
object code and source code form), data or information developed or
provided by Host or its suppliers under this Agreement, and any
know-how, methodologies, equipment, or processes used by Host to
provide the Services to Client, including, without limitation, all
copyrights, trademarks, patents, trade secrets, and any other
proprietary rights inherent therein and appurtenant thereto
(collectively “Host Materials”) shall remain the sole and exclusive
property of Host or its suppliers. To the extent, if any, that
ownership of the Host Materials does not automatically vest in Host
by virtue of this Agreement or otherwise, Client hereby transfers and
assigns to Host all rights, title and interest which Client may have
in and to the Host Materials. Client acknowledges and agrees that
Host is in the business of hosting Websites, and that Host shall have
the right to provide to third parties services which are the same or
similar to the Hosting Services, and to use or otherwise exploit any
Host Materials in providing such services.

### 2.3 Confidentiality

Each party agrees that during the course of this Agreement,
information that is confidential or proprietary may be disclosed to
the other party, including, but not limited to, software, technical
processes and formulas, source codes, product designs, sales, cost
and other unpub­lished financial information, product and business
plans, advertising revenues, usage rates, advertising relationships,
projections, and marketing data (“Confidential Information”).
Confidential Information shall not include information that the
receiving party can demonstrate (i) is, as of the time of its
disclosure, or thereafter becomes part of the public domain through a
source other than the receiving party; (ii) was known to the
receiving party as of the time of its disclosure; (iii) is
independently developed by the receiving party; or (iv) is
subsequently learned from a third party not under a confidentiality
obligation to the providing party. Except as provided for in this
Agreement, each party shall not make any disclosure of the
Confidential Information to anyone other than its employees who have
a need to know in connection with this Agreement. Each party shall
notify its employees of their confidentiality obligations with
respect to the Confidential Information and shall require its
employees to comply with these obligations. The confidentiality
obligations of each party and its employees shall survive the
expiration or termination of this Agreement.

## 3. Client Content.

### 3.1 Client Content

Client assumes sole responsibility for (i) acquiring any
authorization(s) necessary for hypertext links to third party
websites; (ii) the accuracy of materials on the Website, including,
without limitation, Client Content, descriptive claims, warranties,
guarantees, nature of business, and address where business is
conducted; and (iii) ensuring that the Client Content does not
infringe or violate any right of any third party.

### 3.2 Acceptable Use Policy

Host does not intend to and shall have no obligation to
systematically monitor the content that is submitted, stored,
distributed or disseminated by Client via the Website. An Acceptable
Use Policy (“AUP”) is in effect for the Hosting Services [provide
link to the AUP]. Any violation of the AUP may result in the
immediate cancellation or suspension of any or all Services without
warning.

## 4. Fees and Taxes.

### 4.1 Payment

Hosting Services shall be paid by valid payment method (acceptable to
Host) at the time of purchase at the fee set forth on the Host's
website. Client's monthly or annual payments for the Hosting
Services, depending on the plan selected by Client, shall be
automatically charged to the payment method provided by Client at the
time of purchase (with such payments being charged in advance on a
monthly or annual basis, as applicable) each month or annually, as
applicable ("Hosting Services Fee"), and you hereby agree that Host
is authorized to so charge the payment method on file. Host may, at
its sole discretion, suspend or terminate Hosting Services without
notice if Client fails to provide payment for the new term.

### 4.2 Chargeback

If Client initiates a chargeback with the provider of a credit card
or initiates a similar action to a payment provider allowed by Host
for charges billed by Host for Hosting Services, Hosting Services
will be immediately suspended without notice. Reestablishment of
service following a chargeback or similar action will require
sufficient explanation for the action and payment of the disputed
charge and/or Host's bank dispute fee.

### 4.3 Increase in Fees

Host expressly reserves the right to change the fees charged
hereunder for the Hosting Services with advanced notice to the
Client. If Client does not agree to any such pricing change, it may
cancel the Hosting Services within thirty (30) days from the date of
your notice; otherwise all such changes shall be effective with
respect to Client's account and Client agrees that Host is authorized
to charge the payment method provided by Client for any new Hosting
Services Fee, on the next monthly or annual (as applicable) payment
cycle.

### 4.4 Additional Services Fees

Unless otherwise agreed in writing, Client shall pay to Host all fees
for Additional Services on a time and materials basis as invoiced by
Host.

### 4.5 Breach for Failure to Pay

Failure of Client to fully pay any fees within sixty (60) days after
the applicable due date shall be deemed a material breach of this
Agreement, justifying suspension of the performance of the Services
by Host, and will be sufficient cause for immediate termination of
this Agreement by Host. Any such suspension does not relieve Client
from paying past due fees plus interest and in the event of
collection enforcement, Client shall be liable for any costs
associated with such collection, including, but not limited to, legal
costs, attorneys' fees, court costs and collection agency fees.

### 4.6 Taxes

Client shall pay or reimburse Host for all sales, use, transfer,
privilege, excise, and all other taxes and all duties, whether
international, national, state or local, however designated, which
are levied or imposed by reason of the performance by Host under this
Agreement; excluding, however, income taxes on profits which may be
levied against Host.

## 5. Warranties.

### 5.1 Host Warranties

Host represents and warrants that: (i) Host has the power and
authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this
Agreement; and (ii) Host's Services under this Agreement shall be
performed in a professional, workmanlike manner, consistent with
industry standards.

### 5.2 Client Warranties

Client represents and warrants that: (i) Client has the power and
authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this
Agreement; (ii) Client shall use commercially reasonable efforts to
prevent unauthorized access to any restricted areas of the Website
and any databases or other sensitive material generated from or in
connection with the Website; and (iii) Client Content does not and
shall not contain any content, materials, advertising or services
that are inaccurate or that infringe on or violate any applicable
law, regulation or right of a third party, including, without
limitation, export laws, or any proprietary, contract, moral, or
privacy right or any other third party right, and that Client owns
the Client Content or otherwise has the right to place the Client
Content on the Website. Should Client receive notice of a claim
regarding the Website, Client shall promptly provide Host with
written notice of such claim.

### 5.3 Disclaimer of Warranty

EXCEPT FOR THE LIMITED WARRANTY SET FORTH IN SECTION 5.1, HOST MAKES
NO WARRANTIES HEREUNDER, AND HOST EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION,
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

## 6. Indemnification.

### 6.1 Indemnification by Client

Client agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Host, its
directors, officers, employees and agents, and defend any action
brought against same with respect to any claim, demand, cause of
action, debt or liability, including reasonable attorneys' fees, to
the extent that such action is based upon a claim that: (i) if true,
would constitute a breach of any of Client's representations,
warranties, or agreements hereunder; (ii) arises out of the
negligence or willful misconduct of Client; or (iii) any of the
Client Content to be provided by Client hereunder or other material
on the Website infringes or violates any rights of third parties,
including without limitation, rights of publicity, rights of privacy,
patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, and/or licenses.

### 6.2 Indemnification by Host

Host agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Client, its
directors, officers, employees and agents, and defend any action
brought against same with respect to any claim, demand, cause of
action, debt or liability, including reasonable attorneys' fees, to
the extent that such action arises out of the gross negligence or
willful misconduct of Host.

### 6.3 Indemnification Process

In claiming any indemnification hereunder, the indemnified party
shall promptly provide the indemnifying party with written notice of
any claim which the indemnified party believes falls within the scope
of the foregoing paragraphs. The indemnified party may, at its own
expense, assist in the defense if it so chooses, provided that the
indemnifying party shall control such defense and all negotiations
relative to the settlement of any such claim and further provided
that any settle­ment intended to bind the indemnified party shall not
be final without the indemnified party's written consent, which shall
not be unreasonably withheld.

## 7. Limitation of Liability.

### 7.1 Limitation of Liability

HOST SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO, OR
ALTERATION, THEFT OR DESTRUCTION OF, THE WEBSITE OR CLIENTS DATA
FILES, PROGRAMS OR INFORMATION THROUGH ACCIDENT, FRAUDULENT MEANS OR
DEVICES. HOST SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO HOST'S
OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR OTHERWISE FOR CONSEQUENTIAL,
EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES EVEN IF HOST HAS
BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN ANY EVENT, THE
LIABILITY OF HOST TO CLIENT FOR ANY REASON AND UPON ANY CAUSE OF
ACTION SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID TO HOST BY CLIENT
UNDER THIS AGREEMENT DURING THE SIX (6) MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING
THE DATE ON WHICH SUCH CLAIM ACCRUED. THIS LIMITATION APPLIES TO ALL
CAUSES OF ACTION IN THE AGGREGATE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, TO
BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY,
MISREPRESENTATIONS, AND OTHER TORTS.

## 8. Termination and Transition.

### 8.1 Term

The term of service shall be determined by either Client's selection
on the order form during the order process or by Client's request to
Host to change to a different term. The term shall begin upon the
processing of Client's order, or upon completion of requested changes
by Host. Upon completion of the term, Client acknowledges and agrees
that the term will renew automatically for successive terms of length
equal to the prior term unless Client notifies Host of its intent to
not renew the Hosting Services.

### 8.2 Termination

Either party may terminate this Agreement if a bankruptcy proceeding
is instituted against the other party which is acquiesced in and not
dismissed within thirty (30) days, or results in an adjudication of
bankruptcy, or the other party materially breaches any of its
representations, warranties or obligations under this Agreement, and
such breach is not cured within thirty (30) days of receipt of notice
specifying the breach, except that the cure period for failures of
payment obligations shall be ten (10) days. Host may terminate this
Agreement at any time and for any reason by providing written notice
of termination to Client and refunding a pro rata portion of fees
paid to Client for Hosting Services not yet rendered on the date of
termination.

### 8.3 Termination and Payment

Upon any termination or expiration of this Agreement, Client shall
pay all unpaid and outstanding fees through the effective date of
termination or expiration of this Agreement.

### 8.4 Site Transition

Upon expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, Host shall
keep the Website publicly accessible for a period of thirty (30) days
following the date of expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement and if requested by Client, Host may provide Client with
transition services, at its then current rates, including Hosting
Services and assistance in transitioning the Website to an alternate
provider.

## 9. Miscellaneous.

### 9.1 Entire Agreement

This Agreement and attached Schedules constitute the entire agreement
between Client and Host with respect to the subject matter hereof and
there are no representations, understandings or agreements which are
not fully expressed in this Agreement.

### 9.2 Cooperation

The Parties acknowledge and agree that successful completion of the
Services shall require the full and mutual good faith cooperation of
each of the Parties.

### 9.3 Independent Contractors

The parties to this Agreement are independent contractors. Neither
party is an agent, representative, or partner of the other party and
this Agreement shall not be interpreted or construed to create an
association, agency, joint venture, partnership, franchise or
employee relationship between the Parties.

### 9.4 Amendments

No amendment, change, waiver, or discharge hereof shall be valid
unless in writing and signed by the party against which such
amendment, change, waiver, or discharge is sought to be enforced.

### 9.5 Client Identification

Upon written permission from Client, Host may use the name of and
identify Client as a client in advertising, publicity, or similar
materials distributed or displayed to prospective clients.

### 9.6 Force Majeure

Except for the payment of fees by Client, if the performance of any
part of this Agreement by either Party is prevented, hindered,
delayed or otherwise made impracticable by reason of any flood, riot,
fire, judicial or governmental action, labor disputes, act of God or
any other causes beyond the control of either party, that party shall
be excused from such to the extent that it is prevented, hindered or
delayed by such causes.

### 9.7 Governing Law

This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the
State of Nebraska without regard to its conflict of laws provisions,
and Client and Host agree that the sole venue and jurisdiction for
disputes arising from this Agreement shall be the appropriate state
or federal court located in Douglas County, Nebraska, and Client and
Host hereby submit to the jurisdiction of such courts.

### 9.8 Assignment

Client shall not assign, without the prior written consent of Host,
its rights, duties or obligations under this Agreement to any person
or entity, in whole or in part, whether by assignment, merger,
transfer of assets, sale of stock, operation of law or otherwise, and
any attempt to do so shall be deemed a material breach of this
Agreement.

### 9.9 Notice

Any notice provided pursuant to this Agreement, if specified to be in
writing, shall be in writing and shall be deemed given (i) if by hand
delivery, upon receipt thereof; (ii) if by e-mail, upon confirmation
thereof; or (iii) if by next day delivery service, upon such
delivery. All notices to Host shall be addressed as follows:

Fancy Chap, LLC

[insert address]

Attention:  Dusty Davidson

All notices to client shall be addressed to the address on file with
Host, which shall be updated, as needed, by Client.

### 9.10 Waiver

The waiver of failure of either party to exercise any right in any
respect provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any
further right hereunder.

### 9.11 Severability

If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be invalid under
any applicable statute or rule of law, it is to that extent to be
deemed omitted, and the balance of the Agreement shall remain
enforceable.

### 9.12 Counterparts

This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, all of which
taken together shall constitute the entire agreement between the
parties hereto.

### 9.13 Headings

The section headings used herein are for reference and convenience
only and shall not enter into the interpretation hereof.

### 9.14 Approvals and Similar Actions

Where agreement, approval, acceptance, consent or similar action by
either party hereto is required by any provision of this Agreement,
such action shall not be unreasonably delayed or withheld.

### 9.15 Survival

All provisions of this Agreement relating to Client warranties,
confidentiality, non-disclosure, proprietary rights, limitation of
liability, Client indemnification obligations and payment obligations
shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement.

### 9.16 Primary Contact

Client shall designate one (1) person who will act as the primary
liaison for all communications regarding the Services.

### 9.17 Electronic Contracting

Host and Client desire to facilitate certain transactions pursuant to
this Agreement by exchanging documents, records and signatures
electronically or by utilizing electronic agents. The use of
electronic facilities or agents shall be in accordance with
procedures established by Host and governed by the applicable
provisions of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act as adopted in
the State of Nebraska.

### 9.18 Reference

Client is advised to print a copy of this Agreement for its records,
as the Agreement may need be referenced from time to time.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be
executed as of the date set forth above.

**By creating an account with Flywheel, you agree to be bound by the
terms of this Agreement and have used your electronic signature to
agree to the terms of this Agreement.**
